export ToZipkinSpanModels for use outside this library (#2027)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - SpanModels renamed to be exported from exporters/zipkin package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `SpanModels` function is now exported from the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/zipkin` package to convert OpenTelemetry spans into Zipkin model spans. (#2027)
```
